Project 4 - Ray Tracer

Name:          Justin Hust
EID:           jkh2367
CS ID:         jkhust
Email Address: justin.hust@utexas.edu

SLIP DAYS USED (CODE):   4 

I re-coded most of this project in OOP fashion. In my code, the
RTScene fires RTRays in RenderToCanvas().  RTPrimitives accept those
RTRays and generate RTHitResults, which hold the point hit, normal, 
texture, etc.

I implemented everything required except for a third primitive type. 
I did spheres and I did actual polygons. Polygons were a bit harder than
just planes, because I had to use point-in-polygon testing.  I spent time
trying to make a cube or pyramid with my polygon code, but couldn't quite
get it.  I did implement a lot of extra credit as shown below:


EXTRA CREDIT:

(6 pts) Spherical Texture Mapping

(6 pts) Anti-Aliasing (toggle with 'J' key).  
   Smooths pixels based on a threshold of color difference with 
   neighbors.  So, it ends up targeting mostly harsh edges and 
   not blurring too much else.

(6 pts) Several Interesting Scenes (accessible with '7','8','9' keys)
   Scene '7': Displays Spherical texture mapping, object reflections
   Scene '8': Demonstrates mirror material, transparency, more texture mapping.
   Scene '9': Demonstrates polygon code with walls, shadows and anti-aliasing which doesn't blur the background.

(Other) Light Attenuation.  I used 1 / sqrt(sqrt(distance)) to attenuate my lights.  Toggle with 'U' key.

(Other) Full "How Do I..." popup menu of commands accessible via mouse right-click. Includes ability to toggle almost all lighting/rendering parameters on the fly.

(Other) Menu also has instructions for on-the-fly scene editing. 
    My raytracer works in full edit mode where you can move lights and primitives around in the scene, cycle through textures and materials for the selected primitive, spawn new lights, etc.  This works really well for testing various lighting parameters and placing objects in positions to see their interactions. It was well worth the effort to do it. Making a change to the scene immediately loads the new scene, which only takes 2-3 seconds on my laptop.  (Using a single light source without anti-aliasing).
